Update specs for continuation (#489)
0xPolygonZero/zk_evm: docs/arithmetization/tables/memory.tex

Note that it doesn't mean that all memory operations have unique timestamps. There are two exceptions:

\begin{itemize}

>   \item Before the CPU cycles, we initialize the memory with the MemBefore values and we write some global metadata. These operations are done at timestamp $\tau = 0$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Before the CPU cycles, we preinitialize the memory with the flashed state stored in the MemBefore table and we write some global metadata. These operations are done at timestamp $\tau = 0$.
```
